I've struggled with my emotions for a long time. I've never really had anyone to talk to and actually open up to. I can't remember the last time I've had a meaningful, deep and personal conversation with. Even the people closest to me; my family and my close friends, have basically no idea what I'm going through and what I have to face. I have no-one that I can talk to about everything. She was the closest thing to it, but I had to go and mess it all up with my paranoia and distrust. What I always considered a strong trait about myself; being able to keep my privacy and not just exposing myself online, backfired and screwed me over. Why can't I just trust people? Just let it happen. I was so stupid and selfish to leave like I did, and there I came crawling back soon after only to realise that I had really fucked things up. I only thought of myself and not of what kind of effect I had on her. It was selfish and stupid and I acted out of pure paranoia and ego. And why the fuck did I think I could just come back and make things better again and that I 'just needed a break'. How fucking selfish are you? I think I'm a bad person. Everything I do is based around me and how it will affect me. I take little consideration for how my actions affect other people. It only hurts when it hurts me. I have come to the realization that this was it. She was an embodiment of this. If I really wanted the best for her, I would leave her alone and never contact her again. She would get over it, as she said she had been, and move on and be happy and successful, because thats the person I know she is. But she won't be with me. My interference and involvement would be useless. I would do nothing but cause her emotional pain and hold her back. The only way I can do the right thing is by holding back and forcing myself to move on. Why can't I just move on? It's been months but she still lingers in my mind. She was the closest thing I ever had to someone I could talk to. Am I a bad person or am I just lonely?
