I don't know what I'm feeling. I think about her everyday but I don't even know if I really love her? Our relationship was so distant yet strangely intimate I don't know how it could've actually worked out. I think the nature of how it ended left both of us unsatisfied and it never really felt like a conculsion. It was so stupid of me it's actualy unbelievable. I let my paranoia and ego get the better of me. Am I sociopathic or autistic or something? Back then I hardly considered her feelings and what I meant to her, and even to this day I find it hard to understand that perspective, in any relationship. I have a bad habit of wishful thinking and that blinds me to the truth sometimes. My perception of my life and what my life really is are two very different things. I daydream about what we could be now and then but snapping back to reality hurts. The idea of her lives in my mind. That idea isn't even what she may be, it was always difficult to connect at that kind of level with her because of the medium of our relationship. I think thats what made her so unique in that way. In any other 'normal' relationship you would get the 'full package' (for lack of a better word) and you could quite quickly assess how you connect. For us however, it was different. There was a lot of daydreaming and fantasising about what could be, what the future may hold for us. I'm finding it difficult to find hope and motivation nowadays and my mental state is poor. It's difficult to describe the amount of things happening in my head. I feel like I'm running across a busy motorway if that makes sense (like that meditation advert ha ha). I've heard journaling helps with that kind of stuff so I might give that a try if I feel like it. Speaking of feeling like it, recently I've been thinking a lot about feelings. There are some people in my life who from my perspective, let emotions control their life. Their day-to-day life is governed by spontaneous reactions, their energy level and generally how they feel on that day. I do not want to become a person like that. I think it shows lack of discipline and weak character. That being said my life isn't exactly smooth sailing right now so I can't say much. I feel like a schizoid imagining different realities and futures; how my life could be. On one hand I want to study well, develop myself and get back together with her but then I always imagine a life where I can hardly get out of bed in the morning, pursue evil and eventually commit Selbstmord. My life right now is definetly leaning towards the latter and I don't know how I feel about that. I don't know if I can get over her. It's less about who she is as a person and more about the idea of her. I never met her.
