I feel so alone. I've always believed in the idea of being alone and being lonely to be two very different things but I think the line is blurrier that I thought. I constantly self-sabotage and cut off the people that I have connections to, people who care for me and who I care about (to an extent...). Even after I thought I could live without her (I couldn't) and realised my mistake, I continue to carry on this toxic habit. Can I seriously not learn from my mistake or is it something deeper than that? Maybe I'm just overthinking all of this to distract myself from the reality of how much I'm failing in life despite how well off I am. To an outsider my life seems like the ideal starting point for success. I have most if not all physical possessions I could want, although I like to think I don't spend too much time and energy obsessing over 'things'. My family are mostly ok and leave me be. My educational situation is pretty good, I don't have anything to complain about. Yet I somehow just can't do anything, I'm a chronic procrastinator. I try not to make too many excuses and just accept that it's my fault. I heard somewhere that 'Gratitude Journaling' is a good way to improve your mental well-being and overall make you happier so that might be worth a shot, however I don't think the reason for my unhappiness and procrastination are because I take things for granted, but because I'm just alone. When I had her to talk to I felt happy. She was always in the back of my mind like some kind of angel, I knew that despite however bad my studies may be or whatever situation arises, she would always be there as a little candle of light. She didn't necessarily fix all my problems or relieve all of my stress, but she was just there, and that's all she ever needed to be. I took her for granted. I think that's why I've been thinking about Gratitude so much, it's because I took HER for granted, and I selfishly messed it all up. I don't like how it ended with her. It didn't feel like a real conclusion and I think that's why I can't	get over her. Or again it might just be because I'm lonely. If I found someone else who I could actual form a meaningful emotional connection to would that fill the hole in my heart? I think so, but then again I don't really know. My imagination isn't really to be trusted so. Who knows maybe things will get better with time, maybe I'll find someone later. The life I'm living right now doesn't really introduce me to to many new people and I don't even know if I'm in the right position to find someone new right now. Maybe I should try to have deeper more meaningful conversations with the people already in my life. I think that would be a good idea. Maybe I wouldn't have to resort to this type of outlet, my own little echo chamber. Screaming into the abyss 